[Music]
Well how the creators have reacted more than anything
to Ricky Eddy's strike is
worth more than anything to know a little bit of the
opinions that have been around in the thing I've been in.
I'm super hyper megal well the thing
about Dallas yes I've read it I've
retweeted it riquez son fosit is one of
the most brutally pathetic characters there is
besides crying in his day for
having dedicated himself to completely broadcasting my
debate with naín which does harm the
original video now he goes and gives you a
strike for 5 seconds of a 40 second video
too I also don't know why you put up that
garbage music Oh this this t was from the
first day okay if that's what he calls himself they
are disgusting verreos that give a
brutal cringe and he still creates artists with an
audience of 10 year old kids who applaud
his infested antics in case I didn't
humiliate him enough already in the debate here he
humiliated himself again here he has
humiliated himself I mean I don't know if Ricky I
think so uh I think Ricky is
aware of  how bad
this has turned out and how much he has humiliated himself because it has
turned out terrible
a lot of creators have written to me man like man what's up
Ricky but then I don't know if they will
say it to his face I also tell you
but because they have written to me a lot but it's
like man what are you doing or what the [ __ ] are you doing
man why are you doing this man and
especially with the one that he Ally Because
if it were a guy that you say Well he doesn't
use anyone's content or they have never
given him a strike and he has never had to but of
course man with Carli what the [ __ ] is he
doing it has turned out terrible well And this thing about the
10 year old kids What a mess
Ricky is making I don't know if he has already uploaded his
main one no that in theory he was
like applauding and those things it was to
upload it to his channel he will not upload it tomorrow or
whatever no eh Of course I understand that he is
going to upload it edited to his to his thing and
to his to his style he cannot convince the
kids that follow him that no he has not
done what he criticizes so much and like
Ricky well the  kids who follow you
will be worth it to you And what you
tell them will be worth it But you know just like we all
know all the adults
and all the creators that what you've
done is filth and also a
very big hypocrisy and what You're bad
finally Ricky edit put a strike on
my channel and removed the rewi 2024 what a shame
that a work of many months of the
team with great enthusiasm and with many
collaborations This was for the song
of this one I'm sorry from rique that's where
the problems started there tenniso de
Lore We have already discussed it on the channel
I'm not going to repeat it again But anyway
basically it was because of the song that he put
in the TR I don't est I have a
copyright statement
presented by youl est I didn't know that rit
was you Planet But anyway taking into
account that he was friends with wism q as I would
say as I would say man he sucked it off
Well he ate the banana another
right now we are inside
the cave and we are seeing shadows uncle
the judge Indirectly call Javi
oliveira and the pambisitos people with
intelligence below average What or
at what moment do you take a clipping from
a news story from the first sentence not
from the no from the second okay from the
first sentence of the procedure this
well if it is that this [ __ ]
Wilson the other day denied the sentence Med
Johan Plana denied it what to him or rather
what was written he denied it and says that the game
has called us to the panis It is that
really sick sick completely
sick okay And the shadows that make us
think Javi Lira does Ray Javi Oliveira
puts in Ricky's song Ricky gives him a
strike but I think that behind the
cavern outside the Cave things are happening
that we don't know because there are
many things here that when we see
everything I don't know now you understand me I think that
was it although the video will not be removed
the fault and is challenging
this that is give it cane that thing about the
lawyers I don't know if it will be true eh that thing about
the lawyers seems a little singed to me
I seem a little to I did it
but well I'm going to say that they did it the
what the what lawyers Although you delete
the video it will not be removed  That's missing from
the lawyers I don't know if it's true eh Ah
some of the things he said no of
the lawyers appealing the strikes that about
the lawyers drives me a little
crazy I drove me a little crazy to do it
but well I'm going to say that
my lawyers did it because it's
cooler to be able to say YouTube things that
educate or faster because they take your case
into account much more privacy or because
but you're going to screw up something This thing about power is
a little surreal because I've heard
many big channels much bigger
than Ricky edit comment that when it comes to
having contact with the platform when it comes to
commenting on problems this is
bragging for him to say that he's very
famous Yeah yeah I mean this thing about the
strikes dude he might slip through the net I mean if he
put a strike on him I don't know if you remember
that story You were very
small eh that later I found out that his name
was jochi what was his name in his in his
time jochi jochi was called in the time
juegi juegi juegi he put an est on
Rubius I mean hochi being  Random being
a Twitter Random he had a video
that was a song that he made in no eh
a remix and the blond guy used it in a video and
the hochi gave him a strike you
know what I mean I mean no you don't have to be
famous there are times that I would tell you when it's
valid it works and when it's not valid it doesn't
work but that's for me Look at
YouTube there are times when there is a strike that you
put it And they don't
work and YouTube tells you no that you don't broadcast it and there are other times when suddenly some nonsense in a second boom you put it depends on many things okay he is literally crazy eh literally he is crazy It's that they are acting as if you were a normal content creator in quotes like the typical
content creator who can have access to
YouTube help him that they treat you the same
having 10 million as having one
that having 500,000 is what I'm going for not
like an npc or Random who just
created a channel and asks
YouTube for help But I know this let's see in my
personal experience maybe I am
clearly a little [ __ ]  complex and
awkward I have noticed the same treatment
from YouTube with the same help
having 100,000 subscribers as
having half a million and I think that the
majority of people have had it no Ah I don't
know man let's see clearly Yeah let's see having
100,000 they already give you the chat thing okay
For example, I even have
confidence in the people from the YouTube chat and
with the support people because of the issue of
the persecution that they do to me you
know or rather what it does to you in the end is that
in the end the people from the
YouTube chat reported me the other day This
okay so I put something like
thank you always to you it's that they attend to me
very well the truth I mean they always
attend to me and I write to them by md of
Twitter to these people you know but it's already
from the ass of the tiredness that they give me I
mean every day a fraudulent strike
when it's not I don't know what then already to me
but I already told you it's not because I have a
million 2 million or 3 million or rather
Look Dallas you understand me they listen to you they do
n't listen to you man yeah  It's true
that I understand that when they
try to close a channel that gives them
50,000 bucks, 60,000 bucks, I don't know how much
Ricky's channel generates, Ricky's channel
generates a lot, host, now it has gone down, it has gone down a lot, it hasn't gone
down much, of course,
the shorts, I don't know, these
were a lot of visits, they were from shorts, a
lot of visits were from shorts that
also monetize but not much, okay, I
mean, for example, in a short that had
10 million visits, well, I
think it was 400, you know, but of course, a
short with 10 million visits,
you don't have 10 million visits, not even in all the shorts of the month.
Normally, you understand, but Ricky did
have all this, it was from shorts, now they are
shared less. I mean,
the visits to the salsería have gone down a lot for me too
because a lot of visits were from
shorts, you know, and from the three channels in
general. But well, La Movida, mmm, look, I
think Ricky will generate 40,000 pavet or
around there, eh, I think so.  I think that
40,000 bucks is not going to be taken away by anyone between
30 and 50,000 I think it is not going to be taken away by anything
watch the video I don't know if you can see it here at
the top mine that recommends the
Ricky Eddie Network the Ricky Eddie Network
no I mean eh Ricky Eddie's Followers
or rather recommended channels that
come up for you know by Ricky Eddie Watch the
video that interests Ricky Eddie's public I
don't know if you're watching it
okay but anyway what I was going to
tell you a channel that generates no longer 50,000
bucks a channel that generates 200,000 bucks
yeah yeah man YouTube has it more
Even a channel that generates 6 or 7000
bucks man YouTube takes it a little
more into account not to lose what one that does
not generate money you understand and it is a
little more yes it pays a little more
attention you know but that is how it is in all
the companies in all the things that
europlay now does not speak with the head of
Spain but it is that europlay is
Speaking of Google people, they were talking
directly from Google that they are supposed to
put the dashboard when you have more
subscribers, they send you the play to
solve the problem in real time, see
better because huh because put nerve when
But that is not enabled when you have
a million subscribers, that
any and when they send you the plate,
everyone who earns
money with YouTube has it when they activate
monetization, I think that's how it is I think they have
not changed it in the last few
months when they activate monetization
you have like a private chat with
YouTube in which you can ask for help in the
creator, of course, but it's that I trust
you that I speak, sometimes I don't
even go to the chat, sometimes I talk to
them through md on Twitter, guy, I study in
the control panel that is
inventing something so that the
kids believe that he is super
important on YouTube. Let's go little more and
that and that we go that he has Ah an office
at Google YouTube, they don't give that to you
when you have more than a million
subscribers and the treatment
you have is different, like the access you have is not different,
mint, I mean  this is all about
not just the strike And I don't know
if this will end in Game Over it's worth anything I do
n't think a Game Over will be but a good video
maybe it is worth it well I don't know I don't
promise you anything but it's no longer
ridiculous for older people for
adults, that is to say for
people who are over 14 years old and it
's not the issue of the strike as such but
all this that you're all the c
now that all the
things are being seen this is a eh Ricky you are You're a
clown do you understand me you're a clown you're
coming across that you're stupid do you understand it's
when you have a million subscribers
when you have men I give you reasons to
censor for another two weeks because what
happens on YouTube you put the
restriction that is two weeks If you
appeal and you're not right they can
even decide to delete your channel directly
if they want I'm missing a plan we have
sanctioned you have appealed this of Deleting the
channel is the same thing that said to me I mean
you for a video you don't close a channel I
mean because you have a video because you
throw away a video They give you a strike is the
biggest thing Do you understand me it can be very
screwed up if  you have others or whatever you are no
but it's that in the end not even with
three strikes you get off the channel
sometimes I mean there are some who are
chasing me for example who believe
that when they have three strikes they are going to
close the channel And surely not either Surely not
either because they would already have to
be three strikes eh And what and that the
three strikes lose the appeals or in other words
a channel is not closed either just like that
eh he is right right you see this does not make
sense with what he said before if
Rick Of course because he lies he has contact
like Premium with totally it is true it is
true before he was telling you that he
had a Premium contact with YouTube and
here he is telling you that they wanted to
screw YouTube or he has like a status on
the platform Why do they put him with the
typical person that has happened to me that
on YouTube answers you in the chat this one
that seems like a robot that is not a robot
but they are so automated to say
Hey dude let's see you tell him let's see friend Ramón
is that you just put this video in
yellow and literally it is a
Rocket League Gameplay Nothing happens it is
inclusive it is without commenting in what
sense it has Can you explain this to me
and  it says here you have all the
details to verify for a video
can be considered yellow because
monetization is disabled they
respond to you like robots they are programmed
like that Those workers being
publicly are not all they are not all they are the
new ones eh YouTube has some
some employees in support that are
through a subcontractor special people okay
sometimes and then those from the
subcontractor Well sometimes they are not
very well versed in the subject you
know agree with the country where I reside has
attacked really in reality in reality
it was my fault if never It's that it's that it's that
in reality I feel a little bad
I feel a little guilty about the fact
that if I had never done those
debates with apartments many of the things we have
seen today would have
happened and instead of giving her an
indefinite leave let's see the first thing in theory
well let's see that was the fault of the
threats because pu started to mention
my children you understand So
listen to me King up to here there are times that it
fails but in theory YouTube for
some time now before uploading a video already
notifies you if the video is copyrighted or
not like If it has any  song but
sometimes it fails sometimes it has happened to me
that it has taken a few hours to skip
the copyright or rather days but Ricky
put it in by hand Eh he went to put it in he
told it Yesterday he went to put it in he
had uploaded it since he
realized that his canon was
there and after 3 hours the copyright jumps on me
and I have to remove that part or I have to
upload it again that has
happened to me but normally it usually comes out
at the beginning it warns you before
publishing it and the indefinite lack of
it I have never seen that in my life, about
putting an indefinite lack on it that I had the
option to apply it and that would have taken
down the channel directly, I have never
heard of this in my life, no, this, no, I have never
heard it in my life either, I don't
want to say that it's a lie because I don't
know maybe suddenly it is true you
know but the thing is that I don't know that, I have never
heard it in my life and it surprises me a lot
that I have not heard that because
I know everything there of that [ __ ]
I think it's an invention heard in my
life that in  instead of giving you a
strike two and on the third your
channel goes to hell, you have to
tell YouTube. Hey no, this isn't like that,
please don't leave me without food. But
that thing about indefinite absence, I've never
heard of it in my life. I don't know if it's false,
otherwise I would know. I think so. Yes, I think so.
I think that
a TR has been thrown out and now you're crying because YouTube
has deleted a video where you used my
content to make money. Look,
like the girl said, and now you're crying because YouTube has
deleted a
video where you used my content to
make money. We can't say
that. Ricky edit. Ricky edit. I can't say
that, man, I can't say that, [ __ ], we're
dedicated to reacting, commenting, exposing
things. Deo, it's just that I don't know, it doesn't make sense, it doesn't make
sense and Ricketi too, don't
[ __ ] with me, man, don't [ __ ] with me, don't
[ __ ] with me, from the amusement parks, PR
valued in the world, crazy from Twitter,
well, this is yours, I found an
11 year old kid in Fortnite, this is yours, this is how
pickpockets are from another video, reaction,
a video, reaction, a  video reaction This
video is yours magician reaction to magic of
course It is that it is content it is
content from others and it does not matter
because it is ferus you if from the work that
is reacting you make a reaction that
is considered as a new work
based on that content that is public on
the platform Nothing happens but of course
this that now you is because YouTube
of the video you used my content to
earn money we both know the
real reason why you appealed the
claim and how well
the strike has come to you for other things no I do not
understand I do not understand this I do not understand
this to make content now but to make
content of a strike Yes yes to
that refers to let's see what
Ricky refers to with how well it has come to you for
other things is and that it has been bad and
that we are making content but
well not because of the content in Yes because
I would have preferred not to have to make
this content but it has been
bad because it has been like what it
criticizes I is that it has been fatal eh
Look at the cell chat chat that
hates me and they are hitting the cell phone does not
hate me but I think that their chat a little yes and
they are  giving it to you is that the Ricky guy let's
see with strike I know that you guys
take it as a joke but a strike is
[ __ ] up for your channel because you're a
little bit away it's a dirty thing to do that it's because it's
worse than any look that
had already been bad with a lot of
things eh But with this my son is that you
have already crowned yourself like you are the worst let's
go that they close it for you because of what
happened with Dallas I would prefer to see
today because I prefer what
happened but if I could go back I
would prefer that they never put the
strikes on me channel is in danger I don't
think he says this to create
content No the truth what I told you about
the cave that we are
watching one thing but I don't know what the hell
is behind this no s there is nothing what is
a burned and it is bad That's it there are no
evils I have nothing with this guy
nor do I find him I mean if it is that not even if it is that it is what I
told you I mean I
believed that he was going to take his
appearances in the rewind well man O  you
look bad in the debate Ricky Let's see
the debate was those parts it's that there is no
part where you
look good in the debate Ricky you know
but then I put his song with his
concert no that it was a viral thing that
clip there were people who were laughing at
him for the click and all that but
well the song is cool no I don't know
yesterday we saw the parts where Ricky appears let's
see I thought that on the contrary it
was like well he appears no I don't know I don't know
everything smells strange to me once we get to
this point Why Javi prefers to have
the strike than for the [ __ ] you delete the song
and that's it by my balls yeah by my
balls because it's not like that he can't be a
censor I mean and because I didn't believe that he was
going to go all the way to the end I also
tell you I mean I didn't believe that he was going to go all the way it's that that
was already looking
terrible publicly I mean I say well
no he's not going to do it on his own but
when he sees that it's a strike he'll take it off
you understand look at you the
cell phone chat that he hates me the chat of
Cell Look There's someone here who says cell
whitewashing Javi Oliveira when Ricky
is completely right because yes I mean if
Dallas puts a strike you can make
videos about Dallas putting a Dallas clip
but Ricky if it's Jai no but this
has also shown the
hypocrisy not only of Ricky as such but
of any of those who follow these
people of Ricky And that I mean there is no
more there is no more you get to the end
knowing that he can put a strike on you it doesn't make
sense it makes sense if you have the
option to cut that part that I don't
even think contributes much to the video you
remove it because I don't understand it I don't understand
pride I know I don't think so yes it's a
cool part man yes it is a cool part
that wouldn't be the same without that song I
think going so far out of pride doesn't make
sense I don't know if I would have put
a Ricky song in the strike
knowing that things were
complicated I said it already I haven't
put it eh I don't think so either It's that I this
argument that they say I don't know if it's
because they want to give
Ricky everything negative either these people are worth it but it's that they do
n't  it makes sense I don't know if I would have
put a Ricky song but let's
see when Dallas is criticized they don't
put a Dallas clip when Selin
gave Uncle Shur a star it was valid
no no when Sel gave him a star it
was valid no no obviously not I mean that should
never be done I don't know
that it's a channel like this That it appears
that your content is uploading you understand
Javi trust rii It's too
innocent but that it's not because it's
too much let's see that it's that you can't
do that man you understand me
So every time they tell me and
you tell me too a lot man it's that I
could remove the song It's that I'm not
going to remove the song It's that I'm
making a compilation of the things
of the year and I put a Dallas clip and I put a
Ricky clip and I put a stuttering clip and I
put a clip of everyone whether I take it or
not I mean but this What is
now this now So I have to
be careful with those that I don't get along with
because because they appear in the content ID it does
n't make sense let's see
who appears to me in  the content
ID that no I that Really and well at
least they are condemning it at
least they are condemning it no but I that
Really Look, it appears to me here in
the content ID the other day we saw the ones that
appear to me on the main channel that
appears to me Ricky among others no Look
Quesada gibel cito clipero that I don't know
why the hell gib belcito clipero appears to me
Ah because it's a cli it's a clip
of my debate with delo Look it's a piece
of my debate with delo and him and gibel
cito clipero eh it goes up 25 minutes I
would have thrown this one away if I tell you the truth
maybe and I throw it away it's that I don't get it's that I don't even
get in here to look This is worth
Fran it costs to slap aanos I don't know this I
think it's a clip from my series
official state of alarm be this this is
Javier Negre's channel and he has uploaded And
tell him what do I say I mean he has
uploaded one of my shorts the Javier Negre
okay it's one of my shorts but let's go edited
by my Editors okay [ __ ] it
egun happens  debate with egun pasasa I'm
going to give egun pasa a star
in a debate that
Quesada had with me, but come on Pablo Franco, I
mean, he can really get on my nerves,
one passes by criticizing me all [ __ ]
day long and putting my thumbnails on with a
dog collar, eh, I'll throw a strike at him,
no. Hey, if one day I consider that, well, I'll
file a lawsuit, but come on, you have to
have thin skin, come on, they
have to go over the top, it doesn't make
sense, no, man, no, no, no, man, it
pisses me off. Look, he uploaded
a video here that isn't even his 5 minutes of
mine multigame, a lot appears to me here. I don't
even know what that guy will upload, wait.
Let's go to another channel so you can see
Who appears, okay, it doesn't cross my
mind to strike those who
appear here in the content ID. Look,
Ricky appears Ricky Roma Gallardo
Antonio David who struck me
Antonio David, come on, I could
perfectly strike him. Look, Antonio
David's Junior, I don't know what it is, it will be
some reaction, come on  no way would
I give a [ __ ] to a friend a
straight white guy some Look some
collaboration that we did the stutterer
the chomp I don't even know what the [ __ ] that is It's that it's
not that it doesn't make
any sense that no that no no it's not that well
a person with whom you don't get along you have
put the content and it appears there in
the content ID and what and what and what
the content ID appears what I didn't
expect is that this guy was going to go and
hit the button please what are
we talking about Now And what is it that
we are validating No man no please I think it's
like giving someone a strike
man that I think
an understanding can be reached before but well They are but it's
not an understanding or
anything I mean it's that I see that there in
the content edit and I don't hit it to
give him a strike be it Ricky Eddy be it the
stutterer be it Win michu you understand me it's that
no I don't give a strike to anyone man
a copyright strike Look the
tool is called
copyright strike that has to be someone like
a channel of this that uploads clips That's
because  It's a copyright strike that's
taking away your views because you're
uploading the whole thing you understand but that
tool is not called strike because I
'm angry or strike because I'm not getting along
no that tool is called
copyright strike it's not that it defames me well
for that you have other tools that are not that one that one that
is fraudulent and period
in Boca there is no more man it's that I do
n't know what it is that is not understood about
that the one who doesn't understand it No no it's that I do
n't understand it I refuse to think that
there are people who don't understand it I think it's because well
because maybe there is no
more they are extremely they are extremely
shot the truth is they are extremely that
we are very shot but that I do
not put a star on him and he has
put me with a dog collar in the
thumbnail with a video with millions of
views that no that really We
dedicate ourselves to this we dedicate ourselves to gossip we
dedicate ourselves to this what we
dedicate ourselves and there will be things that will
bother you and there will be things that will
bother you a lot okay But well do not
get involved if you are not going to If you are going to burn
when  you don't come out the winner okay Don't get involved
[ __ ] it if I get with that V
shot if I speak Ricky also a while
live such or that is today they already made
the strike official from what I see
the video is no longer available it's a
[ __ ] the truth is a [ __ ] the truth
being a crime he can report the
video if it's a criticism no I mean that's why pay close
attention to what I've told you I mean if
someone criticizes me and it's a criticism I
[ __ ] off and dance because I have been a
person who has made criticism Now I
repeat again If a person
accuses me of crimes that are vile lies
and I don't feel like verbally arguing
in a video with that person then I take down
the video not because of copyright as such but
for attacking my person I don't know if I
explain myself Well for that you have a
tool that says here report and you
go to legal problem and here you have
defamation and they will accept it or they will not accept it
But if you do it for
copyright you are using the
tool fraudulently no no no no
because because I defamed you and I accuse you of a
crime So we are in the same then
every time  that Dallas
comes across a video that he doesn't like
what they're saying to him because they're
insinuating things or I don't know what I don't know
how much that he takes it down no Of course of course no
How many videos are there now of Dallas
saying he's a scammer how many are there
I'm completely sure that if
Dallas starts taking down all the videos
that say he's a scammer there will
still be criticism of Dallas because they
are censoring I explain the strikes in
principle are [ __ ] I mean the
strikes no content creator
likes a strike doesn't like Ricky I do
n't like it I don't like it Javi doesn't like it
d he doesn't like it not no one likes it
no content creator can be
in favor of strikes because it's something that
also those of us who move in that sector
of gossip We are always very
there that they can give you a strike and such you
know and we all know that it's [ __ ]
and therefore a strike doesn't usually
reach that you know it's not worthy to request
a cancellation which is what I did or
send a counter notification I don't think
that was what I gave I'm not sure
because in the end I didn't do it I did
my  lawyer okay Even if you delete the
video the fal will not be removed your lawyers le
G ha qu Like a clown dude you've become
a clown eh TR to the mother who
gave birth to me dude be it I don't know To me what
my lawyer does is what makes me laugh I don't know
if it's a fantasy or if it's real the truth is I don't
know To me it smells like Ricky he's always
a little bit like I am here ar
man I understand that what
the shur wanted to say is that if they say an outrageous
thing about you tremendous
tremendous That's what ivai told me too
for example no ivai told me Javi I'm
never going to throw out a video and he says
maybe he told me something like if
maybe you publish my mother's address
or my credit card number you know
something like that I understand that
you still say Well it's not the it's not for that
the report but well you know but well
but man between us Because we
criticize each other it doesn't make sense SB
So to speak on YouTube Things
expire or faster because they take your
case into account quite a bit  more
priority or because Well he's already
telling you that it's going to expire that the first
time he hears it that your strike expires sooner
because you have more contact
within the platform man I understand
that you have to have a contact what is it that
Ricky says there man it's always
a little bit like I am up here you
know So to speak on YouTube the
things that educate or faster because they
take your case into account with much more
priority or because well that your
strike expires sooner yes yes yes you are more
famous dude this guy this guy has been left looking
like an [ __ ] but as a guy this is not
for a video in the main guy or rather
more compensated and more forceful
that the extra expires on you even if you are famous
dude I mean this guy is an
[ __ ] dude this guy a real badass eh he
's saying that the worst thing is that
I hear it That doesn't exist I mean it's
that you have the Standard there and how long it
lasts and what about dude what's more
marracho of course it's when you do these
things is when we start to see what
you had  datte realize that a
normal video of Ricky Eddie eh As he doesn't know
controversy about something with us we don't
see it Ah you start to watch but of course
all these videos of him fighting
with the kids from YouTube kit we don't
see those controversies we don't see those controversies
then he starts telling these
things to people and they go unnoticed
les stke for having more contact
within the platform man I understand
that you have to have a powerful contact
the truth is I understand that he must have a
very powerful contact
because those from YouTube the freemasonry
kids is that I understand and I don't understand you
know On the one hand because let's see They
are super shot and they have said
everything and this thing super bad between them or
at least that's how it ended and now with
this I understand that it's worse eh I would have
cut out this part of this guy
cut out the part man but let's see
when Dallas tries to put
a strike
we cut
for example no, well the clips are
always going to be uploaded protected okay if I have to
talk about him or if he looks for another time to
talk about him but of course I understand
that this  man I understand that this guy
who has some super demonstrations
against the copyright St I
understand that he is not going to make me cut
a rewind a video that I have stopped for
the entire month of December no I understand
that because his background music is playing it is not
good for me not to cut the rewind and
and remove all that part no I mean it is
not clear to you what would understand
Why the objective ended if I just
arrived Greetings Oh it's true I was already
wondering why the objective did not go up it
stayed at nine half an hour maybe I made
a mistake and I put half an
hour and it stopped Oh F F man really I do
n't have to cut the part that I
don't have to cut the part South [ __ ]
what Rick has done is dirty
or he would have put another song or I
know anything and he would have cut it
by the hoops because the truth is that it
hurts me more man it would hurt me More forgiveness the
fact of knowing that I no longer have the video
is that man in the end Put the strike
the monetization remains you eat a strike
and you are left without a video it is that it is a  [ __ ]
mda The monetization thing
itself is a dirty thing, the
monetization thing is an outrage, I mean, it's
a 40 minute video, man. Hey, maybe it
would have given us how much it had
300,000 views, man. Well, maybe it would have given us
a little money. I don't know, do you
understand me? [ __ ], or if I had
only done the monetization thing, it's
dirty, Ricky would have been 300, 400, 100 euros,
I don't know how many views it had, but oh
well, that's how it looked. But well, in
that video that you're going to be able to see,
because it's Ricky. He's not [ __ ]
amused that they give him strikes either. Eh,
like any person, man, who is
dedicated to creating content, eh.
But Javi also had to mute that part
because it was obvious that he was going to throw it at him.
It's like, before I ate the strike and
before you threw it at me, no no no no no no
no but how are you going to say that,
people who are dedicated to that, this, but
how  are you going to say this, sure, people who are
dedicated to posting clips of people? I
mean, what are you telling me that tomorrow
Rebor threatens you? And you no longer post a
clip of Rebor, no no no no no, you're not
telling me and I have to remove the video
and the whole thing I cut out the
silences, that part to suck it up, man, everything
possible to throw out the content because it
's very likely let's see what happens with
this, man, in the end When you enter
that mode, what's going to happen is that
when Ricky sees something from Javi or whatever,
the other one is going to go after him with
a strike too. You know why in the end,
eh, an eye for an eye, in the end, no. No no no no no
no, I'm not going to end up like Ricky. I
mean, I already have 1000, I already have 1000 videos
where Ricky posts my stuff, no, I don't have to
wait for Ricky to post
something of mine, I'm not going to do it, why do I have to
wait, what do I have to
wait for? Let's summarize like this, this is mine.
Wow, well, before we start talking about
this topic, this  it's mine Look people here I
see a live of mine here another one and here another one do
you know how much money is 1,300,000 do you know
how much money is 1,300,000 from a
one hour video from a one hour video
1,300,000 I have at least 5000 at least there is
here at least 5000 I take it down I remove
the monetization no no obviously not
here in the video of capa there was a clip of mine I
send the video to capa to the [ __ ]
of capa and then he also threw it to
Ricky No How much does this have a million and a
half also it is not done behind here if I'm
not mistaken also put my CP in
one of the parts these that he made with the
photocopy I think he put a clip of mine
too Here he also has a clip of mine
well the fact is that in fact look at
one thing I saw you one thing is that he is a
Shameless but come on Look notice if this
is Shameless this that you are
seeing do you remember this that
he sent it to his Editor and he  He
also tweeted this clip The scoundrel
This is from a live stream for members this
is from a live stream for members and he
got it all over his [ __ ] face he would become a
member or whatever the editor first
took the click of me talking to Pablo he
edited it to lie because on top of that he edited it
to defame okay saying that we had
cut the live stream running because dala
called us to be a filthy you filthy me okay
he took this live stream that was for
members he took the click with his balls he
put it on Twitter and here a video was made with
700,000 views eh I threw the
video because the cli was for members
because the live stream was for members No I didn't even
throw it at Ricky or any of the ones
who put the click they all put it
because because I'm not a [ __ ] filthy piece of
[ __ ] like him eh Because it's
my content for a member to have taken it and
said go see it on Javi's Channel which
is for a member Of course but for you to
lie because you are for a filthy you
filthy I took a clip for a member for
the [ __ ] face okay here it got spicy
because we showed him the video of the banana
sucking the banana To Win michu and here he
started to take out a clip of mine
trying to understand my controversy with
Miare with the threats that they made me and
all that stuff without having a [ __ ] clue
without having been there he made it up for the
[ __ ] face and he because he was crazy
defended Miare from the sentence okay
look here all the clips of mine that he posts
look a lot okay What are we
talking about look here also a lot of
clips of mine also it doesn't make
sense that there is no there is no way to
take it I mean, I really don't think that No, it
's that we're on bad terms it's that we're on
bad terms that I don't understand that we're on
bad terms and then they get stke it's that no no no no it doesn't make
any sense
really I mean no sense at all
people in general work Eh then maybe
Ricky arrives that Javi has to react
something Because he has an exclusive
because I don't know what and what the other one does he takes it
and you strike him well you start with
that and it doesn't end badly the truth let's see let's
see it's [ __ ], I really do
n't  I totally agree with giving
Javi a strike, man, slow fraud, you can
say, well, okay, the
monetization stayed, what a dirty bastard for
200 bucks or whatever, but the stke already
seems like 200 euros to me, it probably wasn't, it
probably was more, it seems like your
try, man, we can't say anything else.
Neither because it's not something else he's
thinking in the end when he gives the go-ahead to
give a strike, man, to people because his
dick comes out, well, it seems just as
bad to me, honestly, nothing, luckily I have a
group of [ __ ] awesome lawyers
who have [ __ ] the ass of the
person who did the manual review through which
I got the second strike and
now he doesn't work for you. Sometimes it
's very cinematic, eh, I mean, trust you, the
clowning, we've seen three or four
clownings here in a ppl, we've seen
three or four clownings here in a ppl that
has a group of lawyers who have
[ __ ] the ass of a
YouTube worker who are in the Philippines, the
support of a YouTube worker who
rejected an appeal and then they
kicked him out of YouTube, thanks  to the
lawyers of, I mean, what a clown there's
no more I mean if Dallas were to do this
if Dallas were to do this they would
open the [ __ ] news if Dallas
were to say this they would open the [ __ ]
news man he has some
[ __ ] shitty lawyers who fired
a YouTube worker from a job
imagine what he says solol come on come on come on
Well today on Twitter I
actually shared one that Dallas said
that's what he said I mean he's a mythomaniac man and
people have to understand it Already like what I have to
identify him as what he is a
mythomaniac he lies all the time okay
look he says dasas but how can he be such a
liar because someone puts a tweet to him
what Ricky said is sick and the moment I
do it haa Twitch they take it away from me that
Dallas put a fraudulent extra but the
moment he does that to Twitch
Twitch I am the king of Twitch no I don't
pay attention to him or gref but the moment I
do that to him the moment I do that they
take it away from me in two days less
48 hours the strike was removed
because I told Twitch that less than
48 hours the est was removed
reacting to content on top of a
secondary channel of a person who had
a debate with another who does give me
permission to react because at that
time he didn't tell me to react that friends
Welcome to ital but it seems to me that
this is a lie It seems to me that it expired
eh because I was in a strike on
Twitch that I no longer have because
luckily now they expire let's listen to this
again expired screw you because they laugh at you
to say Haha They've manipulated you I don't know what
to me in his day he also told me to
be careful because I was in a strike on Twitch that I no longer have because luckily now they expire the expire on Twitch I don't know how long it is to me he put a strike on me with michu do you remember for copyright on Twitch because I left a Bot where I
was reacting to a clip of him that
was where he warned that he
could not be told that he wanted to go to Andorra
But he had a record that said that he
had sued people  that's why em and him
and if I'm not mistaken it did expire on me but I didn't
realize it's like months I don't
know I think it's three more months that it
expires maybe I think it's about a couple of
months maybe it takes to
expire but I'm not sure but love
in less than 4 fiste you he's making up the joke on
the fly what a
great trip on Ricky eh at times the bastard eh
Look, as the song said that the
channel has sanctioned you I'm sorry it's that
I wouldn't leave in the hands of a person
with whom I've had this type of
inconvenience I wouldn't leave in the hands of
that person neither my monetization nor the
copyright nor anything man the truth is that
no man the truth is that not a [ __ ] thing to you anymore
because this can't be fixed
now they're going to [ __ ] on Piña The truth
Well here already There are too many things man who
is not saying that I also piss
trying to copy for this that I didn't even report it
and that I can't be making it
so easy for myself Who is Javi  canine this is
war there will be movement No this has
become very personal now there is also the
Lali thing which is a shame that they are
already on those terms because man there are times
when Javi is going to need to react to
Ricky It is likely that Ricky at some
point wants to respond to Javi and has to
watch some video of his and I am going to
do it I am going to do it If you understand me
if they close my channel I will open another one or I
go here and they are going to be clear they are going to be
with their nails sharpened well without
further ado I come here to see it but the
strikes Well there are always bad people
already the same as Ricky Ed throwing the
video to ch flajito eh the cell phone the cell phone
has condemned him more forcefully
Oliveira because he burned What is what is
this about burning because he used 20 seconds of
a song nothing for me The strikes
are not that good I am going to have a beer
with Gibel when I come to Spain eh I mean it doesn't
matter what part of the Peninsula I
go to I mean if he is in  Asturia I'm going to go
up to Asturia to have a beer
with Gibel eh I mean since it's become a
youth again and Pambisito how
based you are and even if you don't like it it burns a
lot because you're messing with
the other person's work eh And that's it,
the crybaby also said that he's going to
but what is this a certificate
So don't leave me with the
Go me campaign because if I don't need it
for one I'm going to need it for the other
and if I'm not going to need it for both he's
been using My Name and
image to profit by lying about my
life since 2023 watch out What does that sound like to you by Javier
understand Javier Oliveira using My
Name and image to profit by lying
about my life but it's not just yours
Loli Werta's Peppa Bertrán's
Arde Troya's no no dude nobody
takes a photo of the soccer team with
all of them I mean what a clan eh be what a
clan if I know I'm coming he's also
used it the es ha
defendant gender violence Who is
the lawyer's lawyer Pablo's girlfriend
who comes out they bring them a photo well Pablo
the girlfriend and the girl is to attack me
And what And what And what if Pablo is
Lali's lawyer for the complaint that
Lali has filed against Ricky for gender violence and
what and what and what if it is Pablo if it were
David Bravo you would like it more And what if it is
Pablo specifically To knock all the
glasses off his head and all his teeth and
instead of giving him a defined fault that I
had the option to apply and it would have taken
down his channel directly or YouTube
Studio gives you the option to change it for
another, that is, you don't even have to download
the video or lose views or anything much
wf and this Random you also change it
for another but what did Javier Oliveiro
Yori Yoro Yoro do with my many balls
that the ried song I can use it
because it's from my own library and I'm going
to appeal why it is Why are you
going to argue with this loser the
strike or the fault that he gave me that doesn't
happen the other one gives it the other one says he has
a week  to download it Who is this
hairless gentleman Javi the only one capable of
defending Ricky Eddy this ra well
Joan not La Cuadrilla can foul him
at the moment put one of those
copy and they take down the video and they
foul the Channel for using that but he gave him
the option of 7 days to remove it and
requested that they give him another week eye he
was already crying before the trip to
New York during the trip to New
York he was still crying What does he do with that to
generate controversy on his channel with
which what he loses from the rewind he will
recover with other videos that he is going to
make it is going to stick in 2020 no no no what I
lose from the rewind I will
recover here with super chat okay I mean
family there are 2300 people here what I have
lost from the rewind is exactly 2300
with or each one we arrive okay please 25
talking Remembering the rwi that took him down
r explaining to him that if he kept my
song I would receive A strike, that is to say that
the platform is going to contact
Javier Oliveira telling him if you  If you
insist on continuing like this, we're going to
strike you out, so you know what?
Cos called me YouTube called me Mr.
YouTube called me and said if you Don't be stubborn
Javi is Ricky's the song is worth it You have no
right Javi, that's it Javi
sequence say in a video in New York
if you want it I'll give it to me I don't care about
the money I'll give it to him I don't
know why the
platform is so upset about changing the management changing
the rules adapting to the times
when they only have to consult with
Javi Oliveira What do they have to do
because he's the one who sets the rules that
Javi Oliveira's followers Not everyone
understands Ricky's position eh yes the r
Wayne that Javi
Oliveira's followers Not everyone tends to
Ricky's position What I don't understand is the
position you have sitting in that
chair and why the [ __ ] do you have your knee
on your head Antonio that's what I don't
understand he would have been up on tea
salsa he kicks himself in the ass to
cut the two minutes of c if he had been
up on the salsa bar he
kicks himself in  the ass to remember the
song Because those channels can't
stop it for a week or 9 days nor can they
have a penalty that means they
put a sado on you and that they recommend you
less with which less people come
through the door and they already have enough losses
during 2024 to start
2025 with more losses in the channels and
sanctioning But then if I have
losses Antonio Why do you criticize me for
making a box if I have losses I need I
need to eat, I mean if I have
losses Why why don't you let me
make a box and have people donate to me
in the box that you have criticized that
instead of enjoying the days in
New York I was more aware of the
phone and recording myself on the street to
continue uploading content on
networks that instead of worrying about
New York I was worried about the
phone to record content
totally factor indisputably
bitter I am about life Antonio bitter
about life and To prepare
content for telesalseo and the salsería
because In short, in ve
telesalseo you have seen What happens eh what
will happen later in the salsería the
same repeated content turns it back on you  to
count twice and that's it but he didn't
do it because he didn't feel like it
telling him that your girlfriend made you up, right there she
fiddled Knowing
the story Because besides Ricky
told it to him Ricky doesn't
even know what this old man is saying
and he stands there telling people
trust you nobody is talking in the
chat man the chat is empty of people who must
have fallen asleep I'm trying to find out this
loser the people here in the chat
don't talk This is the chat This is not a
black square on the face I mean this is
the chat that when someone talks in the
chat appears here I mean I don't know if at
some point look at it I see at some
point a message will appear now we'll
see okay But hey what you're
telling him that Ricky told me there the
story what is he talking about If the
internet told him that he made up a
rape so as not to swallow them so as not to
assume that he had been cheated on
during those days he took out the audios where
the ex-girlfriend told him the friend you swear
on your family on your dead for I don't know
what but that he swore that the girlfriend got
really angry the girlfriend Not the ex-girlfriend
because Enrique currently has another
very pretty girlfriend as Ricky says,
get in touch with my ex so that she can
sue me for gender violence that
I have put a contact gives validity to
everything Ricky says to take it up the ass
okay or so he's his job here He ASSUMES
because of the people who follow him that they are haters
that he has taken eh Because of the people who are going
to support him a little he ASSUMES that he has to
give me to oppose me and support everyone
who is against me Okay then
he doesn't discuss one iota of all
Ricky's text not one iota okay so
I have contacted Ricky's ex to
file a complaint against him Now it turns out
that it's my fault that Ricky gets a
fiste you the level eh or so the level
is that it's my fault that he that
Ricky gets a complaint or so Ricky
that he files a strike chill my fault okay
but that Ricky Gets reported for
violence  of gender it's also my fault it's
that we're not talking about a joke
If you are aware that Ricky Eddie
has not abused that person and and you
have put yourself as Rick says he is
in contact with my ex to
report me for gender violence If he is
convicted of gender violence the
first thing that happens apart from falling into the
sentence of condemning you put you in
jail do not think more Andorra that is
trying to screw up Ricky Eddie's life
everywhere and this is Yori that if they
condemn him it's my fault I am that I can't
take it anymore eh I mean I can't take it anymore
that if they condemn him it's my fault eh
For a rigu to determine the level of evil of
this guy I speak with your ex so that she sues
you for violence of what you see you
see this is the chat in reality what happens is that
the people who are saying this
guy what the [ __ ] is he telling me gender that I
think has been what has put him if
that lawsuit goes ahead Ricky apart
from costing him money in compensation
costing him time in jail because they are
going to  to put him in jail is difficult because
in Andorra you can't Eh you can't
reside with a criminal record and
all that he knows because if they convict him
then what he should have done is
something that is not condemnable ar de Troya I
mean but trust yourself what he's saying
eh I mean if they convict him they already have
the defense prepared if they convict him what they're
going to say is that it's Javi's fault
damn Javi it's because of you Ricky
is in jail and I'm
this little team is amazing or isn't it amazing
what do you think about telling me I mean it
's not amazing Senda I love you Thank you so much thanks
to you I have the
monetization of the rewine Because if it were
for the others Senda I mean it's not
amazing man I see the sense man it
makes a lot of sense if you think about it I
mean if they put him in jail trust
yourself what a barbarity eh it's my fault what I've
done How bad I mean it's like What I
mean what what I mean I haven't Sam really I
mean I haven't seen  people more stupid in
life than this person is that I don't know
with what head the followers of
Javi Olivera think if they are idiots if they are what
Ricky Ed has said It's that
I no longer know what to think of those people
Every day he is telling you a
different lie he tells you
different versions he takes pieces of clicks the
beautiful thing is that they attribute me to
talking about an abortion when I had not
opened my mouth nor was I aware of that Oh laziness laziness it
's making me sleepy
mica a kiss I have to take the dog out
man the best that and I have to record a
video for the main one that it
reaches you in the order and I have to I have to
make a transfer to my lawyer let
me not forget hate and a guy from the
north of Spain making a video that he
was a son of a [ __ ] that if they were
sub mud and he beat you with a stick that if I do
n't know what all the I have that I suffered
because I said that the nature of God
are wise when they do not give children to
certain people certain women and
certain people like me who has not
given me a child  Hey, but I take it for her and
what the [ __ ] do I know about your life and if on top of that you
start repeating it and repeating it until
the guy that this, this is done a lot, I
mean, this is done a lot by the
people on the little team, what they
do is when they join
together because they are victims of Jabi
Oliveira, what they do is look for
each member to support him in his cause,
okay, for example, Joan Plana, what is she
looking for by joining the team? Well, that they
support him because he has been
harassed, that he didn't bother anyone and we
sank him for free, okay,
what is Antonia looking for by
approaching the little team that she is a
poor victim that the mach good night
Here is the contribution of this humble panitto
there is a rumor that there will be a raffle in the
extendable Juan, well it could be an
idea that what but I want money why am I
going to raffle something if I want money but yes yes
Juan Thank you,
money from
Panchitos is also accepted, you bastards those are clicks that
cut me out and  I can't call
Ricky Eddy racist okay listen to me listen to me do you
understand me I mean what they do between them
is that the pppa joins
these people so that for what the [ __ ] what
about Tania did
everyone support Tania they supported Tania man
who is like man the worst what do you think that
nobody is ever going to support well they support him I
mean Peppa it's not that what about Peppa the
240 is that it's already paid for or rather
a lady collects money in a live show
saying it's for cancer and she
forgets to donate it and in 7 months she gets into an argument with
a friend and the friend tells her and
throws it in her face and then he runs off on
Monday morning so we don't
find out and gives her the 240 bucks the
association what do they say to each
other the little team when they play when they
play when they get together p It's good that she
has forgotten about Peppa but
that she has already paid for it that there is nothing to
hold against her that she has already paid you
know and it's  Well,
nothing happens between them, they get together to
look for support, you know, the support of those
affected by Javi. To me, it seems like
real cinema. I promise you that these
are people that I don't hire. They are like that.
[Music]